good strategy:
1. a lot of uncorrelated one
2. perfomance, risk matrics,how many securities you trade, how often you trade, and what the size of your positions are
3. beta between -0.3 and +0.3, Sharpe ratio over 1.0, 
4.algorithms that turn over their portfolio between 12 and 500 times per year (e.g between once per month and twice a day).
don't:
1. Overfitting : minimize the number of parameters in your model, constrain your parameter search space, 
and develop your algorithm using a limited data set (in-sample data), 
followed by cross-validation testing on the rest of the data, the out-of-sample.
2. Data snooping: strategy works only on a set of companies that are large and successful today,look-ahead bias
3. spurius correlation. need reason behind algorithm. 

重要文章：
“The Fundamental Law of Active Management”  In 1989, Richard Grinold

sharp ration: IC*breadth
IC: correlation between your algo’s predictions and the actual turn of events
breadth: square root of the number of independent bets your algo makes
Breadth exists across two dimensions: the cross-section and the time series

To increase Sharpe ratio and produce a high quality algo, work in a few dimensions:
  1.increase the quality of your predictions
  2.increase the number of bets to which you apply your predictive model, and
  3.ensure that the bets are independent
  
 All cross-sectional strategies can be abstracted into 6 stages: 
 Data, Universe Definition, Alpha Discovery, Alpha Combination, Portfolio Construction, and Trading 
 
 Create a hypothesis about investor behavior, market structure, information asymmetry or any other potential cause of market inefficiency
 and see if that hypothesis has any predictive capability. Need some ideas? Try a Google search for “equity market anomalies”or,
 even better, an SSRN search of the same.
 
 There are many questions to answer in defining the step to create your ideal portfolio: Which risks do you want 
 to be cognizant of (i.e, your risk model)? What is the objective function in the portfolio construction step? How will the portfolio be constrained?
 
 机器学习：
 https://www.quantopian.com/posts/machine-learning-on-quantopian
 
